In the Asian times, there was a art, art, all the continents altogether, like a piece of steak.

Then the aliens, they are enormous.

They will come, and...

There is hurdle there, after the sun, they will have a height, and then each of the 7 brothers will cut the entire hour into 7 condiments, and they will take it at each one on one point.

After the time, all of them.. Are revolved, and unjain, all of them.

Continence has evolved.

Like, that's the mountain, that's bad.

Now, after that one, they went back into their planet, and then after that, delay any year.

Yes, they are again coming.

So in way, if they come, they will take out, they pull the entire Indian kingdom.

The entire India, human habitation.

That's why the entire continent is again going to.

Unify, and then... Hey, earlier time, they'll use it to the air.

Nice soup, planet, which came very meaner to the heart, and from that planet...

The idea on that planet, I can, uh, Earth and the divided into the 7th continent, and then they went back.

So after the billion years, they are again coming back.

The planet is coming near to the earth.

That means they are again going to come back and enjoy it. And wipe out and die, you know.

So, no, I have, please preparing for that.

And what can we see, right?

We will show that the labs just don't hang the earth.

And then, uh, times are really, uh, more really in planet.

We should come near to the earth and from there, the area will come.

They have one more size.

And then you have a plate, they create the continents.

After the one, they will rent back.

So, it's like it's a part they had, their internet, and it's late, and that's where they divide, I think.

Someone continents, like, one whole, the big boy is like a big continent, and.. Spoil for the, just fall off time, and the tail like that.

So, you know, after that time, they will go, continents are formed, but they are formed in it, different to the end of the vast continents of Vietnam.

For example...

Oh, that, awfully kind.

That's, uh, combined one continent. Of a euro...

And none of it off of the, off of this country is one continent, and...

Middle, East, and the...

East is the one continent, and...

South America, and African, and India, combined with the next part of the country into one, and America, and off England, and as we will combined the one continent, and Canada, Russia, and all combined, it was one company.

Not parties included.

China, at one point in time, New York, not from America, from the China, not from the Russia, China, or animal continents.

But it's that the continents are, they were doing salad for us.

I don't know, in the one part, we have, uh, India, and, uh, off, uh, African, uh, South America, then.

This is.. In Manzuar, which are different.

Harities, and we are calling this one.

So, value one.

How did it become?

Like, why they divide the, what's happening?

Time to night.

The reason is, has used to be.. Continent.

Okay, the clarion, and they wanted to.. Our reason for dividing entire unified articles. Continent like this space, that actually the adult aliens can, they did it.

It's like children from the TV and children's.

They did this...

We wanted to.. Divide it like that.

On the second action is, there is a one million family, they came, 2007, alien family, they came, and each of them divided their one for their own research, and the things that's why they did.

I was seven, aliens come from one.

Um, alien planet here.

And they had a five car, one thing.

And because of that, they have divided the continents, the one of the easiest metal or something which is unique in Earth, which they taken in 90% of the things and only 10%.

These, like, arose, they took off the 50% of it.

And now, again, after a billion years, they are coming back here for the same billion 50%.

So...

That busiest thing can be better, hard uranium, like metal, there is a new metal, which is having a high...

Which is somewhere already.

Yeah, billionaire, the convert, and modified into a different format.

Maybe a gold, uranium, titanium, torium, or something like that.

So, which one humans are actually using their more elect signed, when I find 2% of it and generating the, you know, how much energy. In like 200 years, like advanced technology.

Now, whatever they got it, it's finishing in their alien planet, and they are coming again here to get the precious metal from that.

That's why they have PPS, and then...

I wonder...

So, now the earth is able to get this information from the one of the land scripts, which is actually buried under the ocean, when they see explorers are in the...

No.

Then the...

Indian explorer that is under the desert in India, when the explorers, in a desert, looking at suns, and mild, they are digging into the land, they really bad this script.

At the beginning, they thought it wasn't.

Uh, like...

It was something, uh, stone, curled, and all, they took 3,000, 2,00 years to decode that one.

Now they are able to see what it is written.

So, the seven aliens came, they all it on the same script, but the script, decoding and on, has differently viewed in a different continent, and the different languages have a sea wall from that.

That is how the language, the arts, different contiment, different type of language, different speaking and all, as you know.

Now, once the explorers got the stone, they are only serious in that.

One continent, and they are trying to explain, when it was found in the 2nd continent, they are also serious, and then everyone is really fine. To make a single thing to fight back on this one, and they wanted to explore more one that new material, what alien came hardly for the past times.

They're going to fight against them only, to protect and use it.

So, now, how much, they are in a unanimous size and, you know, a system, but human has to evolve into that one and the experiment throughout the world.

Look, if we start with the one continent, they are a flooring community, like metal, like material, and they're thin, into and humans, are animals, are fast, human, animal, and different teachers, to make it bigger upon new type of weapons.

Not to buy damage that price.

This valuation, demons, has come out.

It's very big, large...

They're huge evolution in the human, let's say, still, conjured in the series, because, like, small, original, but after this morning, I am at hell, and the hell, not, like, precious, 15 days.

And time on this new metal, and then they are even when you get huge.

So, areas, and then they are.. They can...

The volume one is only for the one continent way.

Half of the India. .

Here.

Thanks, uh, five, maybe just study, and look at a complete story, and then there's picture that.. Aliens, and the seven continents, the new continent, and news for the continents.

So we can welcome.

May I pick and take one time to me?

And then let's, uh...

But keep them. The continent name in Asda.

Fonting and the one, and doing that.

Okay, well, that's different inbox. 


Was this transcription useful or not useful?