What else the story opening can be?

One of the story opening can be like this.

In the Karnataka, there is also Western gods.

It's a very thick forest and where we can find a cunning snake, which is the biggest snake, and there is a team of people who started to look for it where they are.

How they live under them, they started racing for the snake and then they are looking in the forest.

Well, after going into deep forest, they discovered that one, the snake has just disappeared.

Like this day rest for the couple of snakes and still all the snakes.

They try stoke tone point after the run, they're disappearing.

They put the camera on and they try to trace it down.

And finally, they got to know they are going inside the.

Earth.

Oh, why they are going only in this in, when they try to keep, when they try to dig that one.

They discovered the tunnel.

It doesn't really have a more number of say, everyone is scared.

They've been the experts and then experts, we go, they start trekking, take into that one, they will find out there is a beginner which has been buried with a very big temple in it.

So that is protected by calling us. Of snake.

No, they would identify and they need to discover and then they will bring the big, big machines that rick after a year lift around all those things, next time, that one, and then in that one, one of the shasana, you will get it very sweet.

Clue that.

Okay, there is a big tree is there only, but that is heartbroken and then they will able to get only 2 characters in it.

But one of the characters is a snake reference.

And Very powerful.

Oh, man, I think.

And then they will go and discover how they are living, how they done and why they have to bury this one.

What is the dangerous coming for them?

And ultimately.

They will unleash the big temple.

And story behind one.

And the story will be like monster kingdom is there.

They try to take out the temple and the golden wind.

It and also destroy everything.

And they will come back.

There will be a war and revel identify that war inside our own trade, they are going to lose it.

And then they got that thing home by the time these guys comes.

We wanted to save this one, let's bury and make sure it looks like.

For it, there is nothing, no more city exists.

I got rapidly, they will do what that takes people very powerful.

But do everything for this.

Later, they buried and they kept the snake too.

Save the temple.

And then they kept a name for the snake place, something, and then it is very slight, basically, the rumors they expanded.

So, yeah, no.

Someone come to try it, but its eggs are theirs, and they're killing them.

People will hesitate to go in that direction.

I want to throw them near, say to them, become big and hard, strong, and it, Western gods.

I think that one of the hero and sing for the northeast, one of the state where we can end.

Mommy?

Yes? Similarly, for one, like, story for the northeast, maybe, where the rhinos are there, the hero is based on the rhino character and the backdrop of their stories and all.

Oh, they wow, how they train it, and each hero character should also be with the, how to train the animal and make it so that they will serve the hero and develop his harder, and he will also mingle with it.

So for the Northeast, China, you know, it has to be very strong backdrop story and many twist and tons and heroics, scenarios. 


Was this transcription useful or not useful?
